# Data Mining on Airbnb New Users First Booking
## The problem to solve:
The problem in this project is that where would the new users book their first booking based on their personal information (gender, age, etc.) and web activity information (signup method, affiliate channel, first browser, etc.). 
## Potential client and why would they care:
Airbnb or other websites for vacation rentals would be the potential client. They would like to predict the places that new users mostly likely would book for first booking so that they could push notifications or send promotions about this specific place. In this case, because these places interest the new users, the new users would have a higher possibility to book in their website or to start their first booking in a shorter time.
## Data Set Information:
I am going to use the train data set from Airbnb New User Bookings Kaggle competition. It records new users’ personal information, web activity information and their first booking country destination. The csv file can be downloaded directly from the website: https://www.kaggle.com/c/airbnb-recruiting-new-user-bookings  
## Approach:
I am going to use the train_users_2.csv. I will first use statistics to do data exploration on the relationship between each input and the output. Then, according to the results from data exploration, I will recombine some categories in some categorical data and separate the categorical data using pandas dummy variable method. For numerical data, I will either leave them or rearrange them as categorical data and then separate. For time series data, I will separate the time as year, month and date or calculate the gap weeks/days between two different kinds of time as features. If the data have a lot of NDF entries for country destination, I will consider to do sequential models that first predict whether the new users would make a book and then take the will make a book ones to predict where they would book. For each model I will split the data to 70% training data, 20% validation data and 10% test data. I plan to use around three kinds of algorithms such as support vector machine, logistic regression and random forest to train the data, then tune the hyper parameters use GridSearchCV, and finally compare the performance by running classification report on test data.
## Deliverables:
The deliverables of this project will be the code for data exploration, data cleaning and rearrangement as well as data training, validation and testing. A report explaining the project idea, process, final results and applications will also be written. There will also be a presentation showing the data story of the entire project. 
